[Music]
fifteen things you should never say to
your parents problems at school tortured
and confusing love life and parents that
just don't seem to get you four
teenagers it never rains but pours
sometimes when it's just too much you
can't find the right words to express
yourself so you end up spurting out some
pretty hurtful words that don't make the
situation any better so listen up teens
we've put together a list of 15 things
you should never say to your parent and
their healthy alternatives as for you
parents out there share a link to this
video with your teens it probably needs
your help going through the really tough
time known as adolescence number 15 I'm
so bored you binge watched another
season of Game of Thrones and toggled
around on the Xbox yet nothing can bring
you any real joy and time is moving at a
snail's pace instead of just complaining
to your parents that you're bored out of
your mind
tell them I need your help because I
don't know what to occupy myself with
this way your parents will understand
that you're not blaming them or anything
you're just asking for help maybe you
can spend those extra hours doing
something meaningful together that you
never seem to have time for I mean
scrapbooking anyone number 14
school socks
yes school takes up a huge chunk of our
lives and it's not exactly a walk in the
park we make best friends and enemies
too we fall in love and get our hearts
broken oh yeah can't forget the whole
reason we're there in the first place
with it we also have classes assignments
exams and all the stress that brings
along school is rough but if you just
come home throw your book bag on the
floor scream how much you hate school
and go stomping off to your room your
parents will be left worried and
confused should they talk to you or
leave you alone what you should do
instead is explain that you had a really
bad day and you want to talk about it
school was tough today is a good way to
open a dialogue that will hopefully lead
to some helpful solutions plus simply
blowing off some steam will make you
feel way better number 13 you can't tell
me what to do when you reach adolescence
you already start to feel like your own
independent person you're trying to
build meaningful connections with people
and find your niche among your peers
parents often get in the way because
they try to control every aspect of our
lives and make decisions for us you see
in their eyes you're still their little
baby so they naturally want to protect
you from all the evils of the world what
you can try to tell them is I'm upset
that I can't make my own choices and
always have to listen to you number 12 I
never get what I want
whether it's the latest fashions a trip
to Cancun for Spring Break or the newest
iPhone release parents seem to know only
one word in response to your requests no
of course you get upset because everyone
else has the latest and greatest but
you're not allowed due to reasons beyond
your understanding whether it's because
of finances or a concern for safety
your parents have their own reasons as
to why they've shot you down but again
going off on a rampage doesn't help at
all instead focus on why you want or
need something and try to come to a
compromise with your folks
say something like I really want it but
it's hard for me to make you understand
how much I need it an open dialogue is
much more effective than arguing number
11 no one cares about me in this family
[Music]
we all feel lonely and forgotten at
times and it's only human nature to
blame others for that no one loves me or
cares about me whoever claims to have
never said that or thought something
like that are lying through their teeth
instead of coming to such depressing
conclusions and pointing the finger at
your family let them know you need some
love and support right now I need you
because I feel really sad is a great
alternative in this case number 10 why
can't I just be like everyone else
[Music]
finding out who you are as a person and
accepting yourself can take decades
until then we all struggle to fit in
humans are social creatures and being
scared about not fitting in is totally
normal
I'm sure your parents remember their own
school years when all they wanted was to
be popular and if they can't recall
remind them it's hard to stand out
because I need support and approval from
my friends is a good example of such a
reminder
number nine I don't need your advice are
you sure you don't it's okay to ask for
advice no matter how grown up and
independent you are in fact adults pay
total strangers to counsel them on stuff
like finances style and relationships so
don't miss out on your chance to get
advice from people who care about you
most of all especially when it's free
it's okay to tell them I'm out of
control and I need your help
[Music]
number eight it's all your fault
again blaming others for our problems
and what we hate about ourselves is
probably one of the worst attributes of
human nature pointing the finger at your
parents for something they didn't do is
basically your way of saying I feel
guilty so call it as it is and admit
your fault instead of putting it on
others number seven you're a monster
when your parents don't let you have
what you want or they try to control
your life it seems like they're the
meanest most horrible people on the
planet but you really shouldn't hurt
your parents feelings by calling them
heartless monsters or something like
that your subconscious mind is actually
crying out for your parents to tell me
you love me number six I can do
perfectly fine without you
are you sure you'd be completely fine
without your mom and dad don't forget
that they pay for the roof over your
head and the food on your plate among
tons of other things the reality is that
your family is your rock to lean on in
hard times and it's okay to admit it and
still be totally cool so just tell them
I need you so much I feel helpless
without you number five I hate this
house and I'm gonna run away when you
want to run away from home what you
really mean is that you want to run away
from your problems in fact your house is
your fortress and safe haven and leaving
it isn't what you want is it even if you
think so what you're really saying is
I'm afraid of leaving this house let
your parents know you feel insecure out
in the world without their protection
number four I don't see any meaning in
my life it can be hard to find the
direction to move in or know your own
worth especially in hard times believe
me you're loved you matter and your life
does have meaning nothing gives parents
more sadness than when their kids are
suffering don't torture them and
yourself try to get over this rough
patch together please help me in finding
meaning in life is a good call for
action and problem solving number three
I wish you were dead our top three
phrases are the most hurtful no one not
even your worst enemy deserves to hear
that you wish their death that's
especially true for the people who gave
you life and are always there for you
even when everything is going wrong and
you can't take it anymore don't break
your parents hearts like this you need
support and you can get it by simply
saying I really need to hear something
nice to cheer me up
[Music]
number two I'm gonna kill myself when
things get way out of control and your
whole world seems to be crashing down
you can get desperate enough to say some
pretty scary stuff are you really
considering taking your own life I hope
not but if so you need to get help
but if so you need to get help in most
cases this phrase just comes out
naturally but it'll scare the heck out
of your parents something like I don't
want to hurt myself but I'm having dark
thoughts is a good way to open up a
dialog plus there are always 24/7
suicide hotlines that you can reach out
to number one I hate you we hear or
maybe even use this phrase so often that
it's almost lost its meaning but it has
meaning and it cuts like a knife however
nothing is better at making the pain of
sadness or anger go away than the exact
opposite of hate tell your parents I
need you to tell me you love me and
you'll feel much happier and stronger
[Music]
which of these phrases are you guilty of
using tell us in the comments below
don't forget to give us a like and hit
that subscribe button to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]
you